MODULES_MANAGER_V2
Script.scripts_exe|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\Script\scripts_exe.py
calling_md|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\calling_md.py
classes_python|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\classes_python.py
database1.create_connection|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\database1\create_connection.py
database1.delete|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\database1\delete.py
database1.insert|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\database1\insert.py
database1.retreive|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\database1\retreive.py
database1.search|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\database1\search.py
forloop|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\forloop.py
hi|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\hi.py
ifelse|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\ifelse.py
ifelse_ex1|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\ifelse_ex1.py
import|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\import.py
importcv2|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\importcv2.py
iter_function|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\iter_function.py
newfolder.example|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\newfolder\example.py
newfolder.example1|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\newfolder\example1.py
newfolder.example2|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\newfolder\example2.py
pass|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\pass.py
problem_global_local|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\problem_global_local.py
python_function2|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\python_function2.py
python_functions3|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\python_functions3.py
random_package|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\random_package.py
scripts_exe|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\scripts_exe.py
string_functions|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\string_functions.py
whileloop|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\whileloop.py
whileloop_ex|C:\Users\TheBOT\Python Workspace\hello\whileloop_ex.py
